\chapter{Glossary}
\label{chap:glossary}

\begin{description}
\item[Advice] An \emph{advice} is information provided to the customer in order
to reduce one's \emph{utility} bill. This information is typically obtained through
analysis of one's consumption.

\item[Alarm] An \emph{Alarm} is a message sent by ReMeS to inform the customer
that some anomaly is detected. This could be e.g. an excessive usage of a cetrain
\emph{utility}.

\item[AlarmCall]

\item[AlarmConfiguration] An \emph{AlarmConfiguration} is a general name for the
contact details of a \emph{customer}. \emph{Customers} can be reached via sms or
email.

\item[AlarmEvent] An \emph{AlarmEvent} is an event which is sent from the
\emph{CommunicationUnit} to the \emph{DataCenter} when the latter receives an
\emph{AlarmTrame}. This is a single format that every unit of the
\emph{DataCenter} can read.

\item[AlarmTrame] This is a \emph{Trame} send by a \emph{module} to report an
\emph{alarm}. This could be in any format, depending on the \emph{module}.

\item[AnalysticsUnit] The \emph{AnalyticsUnit} is responsible for the analysis
of all the monitoring data originating from the \emph{customers}. This analysis
includes several algorithms to generate detailed consumption patterns,
\emph{advices} and \emph{reports}. 

\item[AnomalyDectectionUnit] The \emph{AnomalyDectectionUnit} runs several
Machine Learning algorithms to detect leaks and other anomalies. Furthermore any
\emph{alarms} generated by \emph{modules} are passed to this unit so it can take
appropriate steps (i.e. generate an \emph{alarm}).

\item[BoughtModule] The \emph{boughtModule} refers to \emph{modules} which are
bought by utility companies when they decide to not outsource the billing aspect
to ReMeS.

\item[BusinessCustomer] A \emph{BusinessCustomer} is a company which is a
\emph{customer} (of ReMes and/or several utility companies). The company is a
consumer of \emph{utilities} and so not necessarily a utility company itself.

\item[CallCenter] This is the contact center for troubleshooting and notifying
customers. \emph{Alarms} which are 

\item[Company] A \emph{Company} is in the context of this project a
\emph{utility} company. A \emph{Company} can provide more than \emph{utility}. 

\item[CommunicationUnit] This unit is responsible for the collection of data
from all the \emph{modules}. Data could be in different formats (dependent on
the \emph{module}) and could be received through various communication media.

\item[Contract] A Contract is negotiated between a \emph{Customer} and a
\emph{Company} and connects both parties inextricable for a certain period of
time. When one of the two parties wishes to terminate this \emph{Contract}
premature, they typically will have to have a valid reason also included in the
\emph{Contract}. Furthermore there is typically information included about the
price per unit per utility.

\item[Configuration] A \emph{Configuration} denotes the tuning of a
\emph{module}. This could e.g. the automatic closure of valves in case of an
anomaly.

\item[Customer] A \emph{Customer} is a recipient of a \emph{utility} in exchange
for a payment based on the his/her or it's consumption. There are two kinds of
\emph{Customers}: \emph{ResidentialCustomers} \emph{BusinessCustomers}.

\item[DataCenter] \emph{DataCenter} is a general name for all the different
units in the system. This is a clever notation to easily refer to AnalyticsUnit,
PredictionUnit, StorageUnit and AnomalyDetectionUnit in one time.

\item[Electricity] This is the \emph{utility}, \emph{Electricity}.

\item[EmergencyCall] An \emph{EmergencyCall} is special kind of
\emph{AlarmCall}, namely to the \emph{EmergencyService}.

\item[EmergencyService] Emergency services are organizations which ensure public
safety and health by addressing different emergencies. The three main services
are: Police, Fire Department and Medical urgency.

\item[Event] An event is a message which is send from the
\emph{CommunicationUnit} to one of the units of the \emph{DataCenter}. It forms
a generalisation for \emph{UpdateEvents} and \emph{AlarmEvents}.

\item[Gas] This is the \emph{utility}, namely \emph{Gas}.

\item[Government] 

\item[GPRSModule] This refers to a specific kind of \emph{Module} which
communicates with the \emph{CommunicationUnit} through the use of GPRS
technology.

\item[HiredModule] A \emph{HiredModule} is a \emph{Module} hired by a
\emph{customer}. This occurs when a \emph{company} has outsourced the billing
aspect to ReMeS.

\item[Invoice] An Invoice is a document containing the consumption of a
\emph{Customer} for a certain utility during a certain period of time.
Furthermore (and more important), this document also contains the total amount
the \emph{Customer} has to pay for this consumption to the \emph{Company}.

\item[IPCommunicationUnit] This unit is responsible for the collection of
measurement data through GPRS and Wifi. The collected data is then send to the
DataCenter.

\item[Module] This is a general name for all sorts of modules.
There are \emph{Modules} who measure monitor data and \emph{Modules} that can
control the flow (valves). Another way in which \emph{Modules} can differ is the
communication type (i.e. GPRS, SMS and Wifi). A final distinction is the owner,
modules can be owned by a \emph{Company} or hired by a customer.

\item[MonitoringModule] This is a \emph{Module} which measures the consumption
of a certain \emph{utility}. The measured data is send to the
\emph{CommunicationUnit} in a certain format, dependent of the type of the
module.

\item[Operator] An Operator is a person who works in the \emph{CallCenter}. The
task of an \emph{Operator} is dual. First of all to assist \emph{Customers} in
troubleshooting. Secondly, any kind of notification for a \emph{Customers} is
done by such a person.

\item[Payment]

\item[Personnel] This is a general name for all different kind of Employees. In
this project there are \emph{SystemAdministrators}, \emph{Operators} and
\emph{Technicians}.

\item[Prediction] \emph{Companies} want to know how much of which utility they
will have to produce in the coming period (this could a week, a month, a year,
etc.). To Provide \emph{Companies} with this information 

\item[PredictionUnit]

\item[Report]

\item[ResidentialCustomer]

\item[SIMCard]

\item[SIMCardModule]

\item[SMSCommunicationUnit]

\item[SMSModule]

\item[StorageUnit]

\item[StakeHolder]

\item[SystemAdministrator]

\item[Technician]

\item[TelephoneCompany]

\item[ThirdPartyService]

\item[Trame]

\item[UpdateEvent]

\item[UsageDetail]

\item[Utility]

\item[ValveModule]

\item[Water] This is the \emph{utility}, namely \emph{Water}.

\item[WiFiModule]

\end{description}